What I think you should work on next
There are three things that stand out, but one is clearly first.
1. Finish the new age-gate/authentication architecture
This should be next because we just changed a fundamental application lifecycle, and I found one architectural seam that is worth resolving before moving on.
Your current frontend is now:
Visitor
   ↓
Age Gate
   ↓
sessionStorage confirmation
   ↓
Login/Register

That's good.
But the backend still has the old authenticated age-confirmation architecture:
Authenticated user
   ↓
ageConfirmed database field
   ↓
AgeConfirmationFilter
   ↓
Blocks virtually every authenticated API

And your router bridges those two architectures by doing this after authentication:
if (!store.state.user.ageConfirmed) {
    await AuthService.confirmAge();
}

In other words, clicking “Yes, I Am 21 or Older” does not itself record account confirmation. Later, after login, simply navigating to a protected route causes the router to silently POST /api/age/confirm.
It works, but it's an awkward leftover from the old:
Register → Login → Age Confirmation → Profile Setup

workflow.
I would resolve that before doing anything else.
We should deliberately define:
What does visitor confirmation mean?
What does account ageConfirmed mean?
When is ageConfirmed persisted?
Should registration itself know that the visitor passed the gate?
What should happen for an existing account with ageConfirmed=false?
What should happen after logout?
What should happen when a saved JWT exists but the new browser session
has not passed the visitor gate?

Then simplify router/index.js, AgeConfirmationView, AuthService, AgeConfirmationController/Service/Filter, and possibly registration accordingly.
That gives us one authoritative lifecycle instead of two partially overlapping ones.
2. Finish the Best Buds Drops/activity system
This was the biggest functional opportunity I found.
Your database already defines 18 Drops:
First Contact
Night Owl
Off the Map
Explorer
Curator
Stashed
Deep Dive
Well Informed
Know Your Buds
Read the Label
Safety First
Clear Head
Undiscovered
The Regular
Completionist
The Whole Picture
Local Explore
Birthday Bud

And you already created artwork for all 18.
But the backend's automatic CollectibleService currently evaluates only:
FIRST_CONTACT
NIGHT_OWL
BIRTHDAY_BUD

More importantly, UserActivityType.java already anticipates:
APP_VISIT
DISPENSARY_VIEW
AREA_SEARCH
ARTICLE_VIEW
EDUCATION_VIEW
PRODUCT_VIEW
SAFETY_VIEW

while on the Vue side I found activity recording currently wired principally into the dispensary/map flow. The educational components aren't yet feeding those education/product/safety/article activity types into the system.
That means you have built the skeleton of a much more interesting feature, but only a small portion is alive.
This is where I'd go immediately after the age architecture:
User opens Products
        ↓
PRODUCT_VIEW

User explores Safety
        ↓
SAFETY_VIEW

User reads an article
        ↓
ARTICLE_VIEW

User explores Questions / Strains / Terpenes
        ↓
EDUCATION_VIEW

User returns on different days
        ↓
APP_VISIT

Then those activities can actually unlock the Drops you've already designed.
That's a high-value next phase because it connects existing frontend + existing backend + existing database + existing artwork. We aren't inventing another disconnected feature.
3. Styling should finally become a major phase
This jumped out immediately during the file audit:
all 78 Vue files with <style> blocks currently have empty scoped style blocks.
There are also no separate CSS files in src.
Aside from this temporary global rule in BestBudsApp.vue:
img {
    max-height: 10rem;
}

your modernized application is essentially waiting for its visual system.
That's actually a good position to be in because we've spent all this time cleaning up the HTML structure before styling it.
Once the age flow and activity/Drops plumbing are settled, I would stop changing the application architecture for a while and build the Best Buds visual system.
Not component-by-component random CSS. I'd start with:
FOUNDATION
    ↓
colors
typography
spacing
borders
radii
shadows
focus
motion
responsive breakpoints

    ↓

LAYOUT
    ↓
page container
header/navbar
footer
sections
cards
buttons
forms

    ↓

ENTRY EXPERIENCE
    ↓
Age Confirmation
Login
Register
Profile Setup

    ↓

CORE EXPERIENCE
    ↓
Home
Search + map
Profile
Saved Dispensaries
My Stash

    ↓

CONTENT SYSTEM
    ↓
Products
Questions
Safety
Strain/Terpene
Tips & Tricks
Too Much
Legality
Articles
News

That is where Best Buds will start looking like the modern application the underlying code now actually is.
A few other things I found
There is already a complete backend password-recovery system—password reset token DAO/model/service, email service, /api/auth/forgot-password, and /api/auth/reset-password—but I found no corresponding Vue forgot-password/reset-password routes, views, or AuthService methods.
That's an excellent contained frontend feature to add later. It would expose backend work you've already completed instead of adding another backend subsystem.
Your SearchMap.vue also still contains:
// Use Columbus before a dispensary search is made
defaultCenter: {
    lat: 39.9612,
    lng: -82.9988
},

Since Best Buds is now explicitly a national application, I would eventually remove that Columbus-specific default. That's one of the remaining pieces that still makes the UI internally assume a local Ohio starting point.
Your Legality map is now one of the largest specialized components at roughly 900 lines, and your Questions files range all the way up to roughly 2,500 lines each. I wouldn't refactor those merely because they're large—the size is primarily content—but once styling is established, there may be an opportunity to move repeated FAQ/content data out of giant templates without making your code overly abstract.
I also noticed your project root does not currently contain a README. For something you're building as a portfolio project, that should eventually become a serious deliverable: what Best Buds is, architecture, features, screenshots, setup, environment variables, technology stack, testing, API integrations, accessibility, and legal/educational disclaimer.
One thing I couldn't verify from this ZIP
I attempted to run:
npm run lint
npm run build

but the ZIP correctly does not include node_modules, so ESLint isn't installed in this isolated copy.
I also attempted the Java tests, but this environment doesn't have Maven and your ZIP doesn't contain a Maven wrapper.
So this review is a source-level audit, not a claim that this exact ZIP currently passes its test/build suites. On your machine, your next checkpoint should still be:
cd vue
npm run lint
npm run build

and:
cd java
mvn test

The roadmap I'd use from this exact snapshot
If we're continuing one piece at a time as we have been, I would go:
Age architecture cleanup → complete activity tracking → implement remaining Drops → CSS/design system → style entry/onboarding → style core application → style educational content → expose password recovery → accessibility/responsive QA → README/portfolio documentation → production QA.
Only after that would I seriously consider the bigger future features we've discussed, such as quizzes, richer personalized learning, semantic search, or AI.
You've reached an important point with this project: you don't need more breadth right now. There is already a lot here. The best next work is connecting, polishing, and exposing everything you've already built so Best Buds feels like one finished application rather than continually adding another subsystem.
I recommend we start next with the age-confirmation architecture. I'd go through the frontend router/store/auth files and the backend age/auth/security/database pieces together, determine exactly what should stay and what has become redundant after moving the gate to the front of the site, and then give you the changes one file at a time in your existing coding style.